Attack test: lucash-pot-end (#82)
runtimeverification/mkr-mcd-spec: pot.md

 // -------------------------------------
    rule <k> Pot . file dsr DSR => . ... </k>
         <pot-dsr> _ => DSR </pot-dsr>
         <pot-rho> RHO </pot-rho>
         <current-time> NOW </current-time>
         <pot-live> true </pot-live>
      requires NOW ==Int RHO

    rule <k> Pot . file vow-file ADDR => . ... </k>
         <pot-vow> _ => ADDR </pot-vow>
```

**TODO**: Need to use `vow-file` as name to avoid conflict with `<vow>` cell.

Pot Initialization
------------------

Because data isn't explicitely initialized to 0 in KMCD, we need explicit initializers for various pieces of data.

> -   `initUser`: Add the given users accounts to the pies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `initUser`: Add the given user's account to the pies.
```
